Update Chapter 9 to match earlier chapters' code (#193)
browserengineering/book: book/scripts.md

    self.js.export_function("log", print)
```

Then, in JavaScript, Dukpy provides a `call_python` function that you
can use to call `print`:

``` {.javascript}
call_python("log", "Hi from JS")
```

When this call happens, Dukpy converts the JavaScript string `"Hi from
JS"` into a Python string,^[This conversion also works on numbers,
string, and booleans, but I wouldn't try it with other objects.] and
then passes that Python string to the `print` function we registered.

Since we ultimately want JavaScript to call a `console.log` function,

> not a `call_python` function, so we need to define a `console` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not a `call_python` function, we need to define a `console` object
```

before we run any user code, so let's stick it in a `runtime.js`
file that's run in `setup_js`:

> ``` {.python replace=runtime/runtime9}

Reviewer: What is this alchemy??

click in the page:

``` {.python expected=False}
class Tab:
    def click(self, x, y):
        # ...
        elt = objs[-1].node
        if elt:
            self.dispatch_event("click", elt)
        # ...
```

Second, before updating input area values:

``` {.python expected=False}
class Tab:
    def keypress(self, char):
        if self.focus:
            self.dispatch_event("keydown", self.focus)
            self.focus.attributes["value"] += char
```

And finally, when submitting forms but before actually sending the
request to the server:

``` {.python expected=False}
def submit_form(self, elt):
    self.dispatch_event("submit", elt)
    # ...
```

So far so good---but what should the `dispatch_event` method do? Well,
it needs to run the handlers set up by `addEventListener`, so those
need to be stored somewhere. Since those handlers are JavaScript
functions, we need to keep that data on the JavaScript side, in an
variable in the runtime. I'll call that variable `LISTENERS`; we'll

> use it to look up handles and event types, so let's make map handles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use it to look up handles and event types, so let's make it map handles
```

It might look like we're done---but try this out and you'll realize
that nothing happens when a script calls `innerHTML`. That's because,
while we have changed the HTML tree, we haven't regenerated the layout
tree or the display list, so the browser is still showing the old page.

Right now, the layout tree and display list are computed in `load`,
but we don't want to reload the whole page; we just want to redo the
styling, layout, and painting phases. So let's extract these styling,
layout, and painting phases into a new `Tab` method, `render`:

``` {.python}
class Tab:
    def load(self, url, body=None):
        # ...
        self.render()

    def render(self):
        style(self.nodes, sorted(self.rules, key=cascade_priority))
        self.document = DocumentLayout(self.nodes)
        self.document.layout()
        self.display_list = []
        self.document.paint(self.display_list)
```

For this code to work, you'll also need to change `nodes` and `rules`
from local variables in the `load` method to new fields on a `Tab`.
Note that styling moved from `load` to `render`, but downloading the
stylesheets didn't. That's because `innerHTML` created new elements

> that have to be styled, but we don't need to redownload the styles to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that have to be styled, but we don't need to re-download the styles to
```

> do that; we just need to reapply the styles we already have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do that; we just need to re-apply the styles we already have.
```
